connection services such as
words that marked a retrospective
of 2013 of the live telephone in the meeting
between executives and journalists in
Paulo
in a relaxed tone the
initiatives that will contribute to
from the company
more than a telephone operator and
internet and consolidate it as a telco
digital
according to the president of the company
antonio carlos valente become a
telco digital is a natural aspiration
for a business that is increasingly focused on
internet and digital solutions
strategy has to do with growth
the market for data and smartphones
we arrived at the end of the year with a
leadership in coverage
within the mobile world by far the best
Brazilian network entering coverage and
number had already advanced for you
by the teams reach one million and 700
thousand past homes are not many that
more have invested that more have placed
innovation in this market therefore we
we have this premise to continue
innovating and continuing to face
market with great force
we show a greater efficiency than
industry is in Brazil for a job
internal and also very focused and
efficient
how many things better and with
lower cost
between the results of the investments
is the release of the operating system
firefox s1 open source for
Apple's developers owns the
initiative that the telephone
with the mozilla foundation to launch a
operating system open with
a good one for the industry at the moment
developer because it has a
much easier and much more conducive
to get to work and much better
to the customer because if there is
technical characteristics of the system
make me
make this sea point high
functionality on the market and cost
very competitive
already looking at a better infrastructure
from internet to live telephone started in
April 4g network deployment today with
presence in 73 municipalities of the country
with 56 million people
already covered with four days of living area
30% of the population is more than the sum
of our competitors process is a
process that does not stop
we have begun to have the impediment of
people about the products the
paths covered by digital telco
also in modernization experiments.
of the fixed network
This is the case of the pilot project
implantation in the city of São Paulo
de são pedro the idea is to transform it into
a 100% digital municipality replacing
all copper wire by fiber optics
does not take fiber act in these milk nodes
we get differentiated speeds
level of signal stability is also
makes it possible for you to
six times the average speed as the
litigation experiment took off to expand
the connections of the telephone services
also invested in solutions
antenna alternatives
is the case of the sustainable site today
people have a playpen 61 sites online
assembled in Brazil, which should arrive
a total of 124 ask for a solution that
do rapid mutation implementation low
how much the visual and we can
piloting this in two days to get to know
the plans of the live telephone for 2 thousand
14 and learn more about the achievements
This year visit the application
company
it is available for free at
google play and apple store